[netpath] Add docs on how to setup autodiscovery (#29610)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/network_path/setup.md

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/datadog/README.md
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/kubernetes/integrations/?tab=helm#configuration
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Autodiscovery (Kubernetes)" %}}

> Datadog Autodiscovery allows you to enable Network Path on a per-service basis via Kubernetes annotations. To do this, first enable the traceroute module in the Datadog `values.yaml` file, which the Network Path integration depends on.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Autodiscovery allows you to enable Network Path on a per-service basis through Kubernetes annotations. To do this, first enable the traceroute module in the Datadog `values.yaml` file, which the Network Path integration depends on.</br>
```

**Note:** Helm chart v3.109.1+ **is required**. For more information, see the [Datadog Helm Chart documentation][1].

  ```yaml
  datadog:
    traceroute:
      enabled: true
  ```

> Now that the module is enabled, Datadog will automatically detect Network Path annotations added to your Kubernetes pod. For more information, see [Kubernetes and Integrations][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the module is enabled, Datadog automatically detects Network Path annotations added to your Kubernetes pod. For more information, see [Kubernetes and Integrations][2].
```

  ```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
# (...)
metadata:
  name: '<POD_NAME>'
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/<CONTAINER_NAME>.checks: |
      {
        "network_path": {
          "init_config": {
            "min_collection_interval": 300
          },
          "instances": [
                {
                  "protocol": "TCP",
                  "port": 443,
                  "source_service": "<CONTAINER_NAME>",
                  "tags": [
                    "tag_key:tag_value",
                    "tag_key2:tag_value2"
                  ],
                  "hostname": "api.datadoghq.eu"
                },
                {
                  "protocol": "UDP",
                  "source_service": "<CONTAINER_NAME>",
                  "tags": [
                    "tag_key:tag_value",
                    "tag_key2:tag_value2"
                  ],
                  "hostname": "1.1.1.1"
                },
          ]
        }
      }
    # (...)
spec:
  containers:
    - name: '<CONTAINER_NAME>'
# (...)
  ```

>   If you define pods indirectly (with deployments, ReplicaSets, or ReplicationControllers) add pod annotations under `spec.template.metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you define pods indirectly (with deployments, ReplicaSets, or ReplicationControllers), add pod annotations under `spec.template.metadata`.
```
